The Drawn Fool_Part3 (Let's do Business)

The following 3 incidents happened last year 2019, making me realize that now I'm out of college and I should be very careful making decisions and friends unlike childhood.

On 26th Dec, 
I joined cult Aundh to give my fitness regime some upgrade or you can say enhancement. It is said that when you find a gym partner you're more motivated to go to a gym. One Saturday morning, after taking shower in gym a person similar to my age in changing room there, started expressing about what great workout it was. Being a fitness enthusiast I also started discussing about fitness stuff, taking time for gym, etc. He's also working in some IT company and we (me and other person say AK) found (Uttar Pradesh)UP-connection(my native place) and  exchanged numbers to be gym partners.

Cut to 7th May(My Birthday)
As planned long back, I thought giving dating a go from my 26th Birthday. I was not much active though and didn't got any match for about 2 months. One day a girl  say Miss. Dinchak Pooja right-swiped me and then the match happened. Being a slow learner, it about a month to exchange number to go to our our first date after about 15 days in CCD. Though I didn't find her attractive I decided to keep my mind open for further meetings.

Somewhere around March,
One of my ex-company colleague Say Rock(name changed), sent a message on Facebook after 2 years. He left Cybage before me and then we never talked. But now his message read "Hi you were in Cybage mutual friend-list but I don't recognize you." Then I reminded him that I used to sit with him in my initials days of warming-Bench in Cybage and then he replied that  let's meet sometime in Kothrud(central part of city). My loneliness Friend felt awkward by this sudden proposal of rekindling friendship. These chats happened in timespan of 3-4 days as I'm not very much active on FaceBook.

Now all 3 characters are unrelated to each other but they all do share 1 thing which is not disclosed here. Let's meet them personally in reverse order.

First let's meet Rock. After our chat of meeting, unknowingly we discussed during tea-break that suddenly some people are re-kindling facebook friendships and do you remember Rock he messaged me to lets meet sometime. Then my other friend who also happened to know him said he's messaging everyone and that's he started a BUSINESS and wants to meet and discuss.  Knowing that future meeting has  a motive I started ignoring his chats.

Now let's meet Miss Pooja, who left her corporate job of QA in IBM 3 years after working. During our meet she told that she wanted to start her own BUSINESS and after working part-time for about a year,  she started working full time. On asking what kind of work she does, the reply was the company provides services to corporates. Nothing less Nothing More. As a ground-work to know more about her to talk on coffee, I saw her lavish check-ins in Shri-Lanka, Thailand, etc.  I thought she's really enjoying a really profitable business. After a few days, she called me and said that her company is looking for Business Expansion in Pune and it doesn't require much skills. They're taking interviews which is just sort of a formality to just check whether you're fit to join the BUSINESS. Somehow my instinct told me that lets not go there and I just skipped the meeting and messaged sorry for not coming there giving an excuse of feeling sick.

Now let's meet my new friend from gym Mr AK. Now AK has done MBA from a reputed college and then start working in the same company where he was on Internship. Being an ambitious person to do something big in his life, he also started a BUSINESS and then one day he also said that his company is looking for Business Expansion in Pune and it doesn't require much skills. But having a better rapport with him, I thought there's no harm in listening to the proposal.  I was floored by the presentation of the business plan but still not being aware exactly what I needed to do apart from the thing that I'll create a market by recommending the great products of the company and being paid for that by first buying myself. Rather than discussing anything with anyone and doing my own research and despite something hesitating me, I trusted my new friend and joined the company by invested the amount in LAKHs and that too on LOAN. 

The Climax: 
I was saving saving myself from so many players but I was finally caught.  I realized that I joined a network marketing company and that’s the way they operate by not telling lie but telling the truth in a twisted way.  And now with this decision in terms of finances I'm officially broke and even. 
